Quickstart - Update instructions for installing an app (#854)
Shopify/shopify_app: docs/Quickstart.md

7. Install the App!
-------------------

>  Ensure you have a dev store created, if you don't already have one, [create one](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/getting-started/making-your-first-request#create-a-development-store).

Author: Expand dev store into development store, and link to an external doc cc @ow

>  Ensure you have a dev store created, if you don't already have one, [create one](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/getting-started/making-your-first-request#create-a-development-store).

Author: ```suggestion
 Ensure you have a store-transfer disabled shop for this next step. If you don't already have one, [create one](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/getting-started/making-your-first-request#create-a-development-store).
```

##### Important Note: Installing the app on a development store in the following step will convert the store to be [transfer-disabled](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/guides/store-transfers#transfer-disabled-stores). This is an irreversible change.

Install the app using your Partners Dashboard in the Apps area.

> ![Installing an App on a dev store using partners dashboard](/docs/install-on-dev-shop.png)

Author: Add the other image (card) on how to test this app
